CONTRIBUTING.md typo and error fixes (#1365)
layer5io/meshery: CONTRIBUTING.md

# <a name="contributing">Contributing Overview</a>
Please do! Thanks for your help in improving the project! :balloon:

All contributors are welcome. Not sure where to start? Please see the [newcomers welcome guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/17OPtDE_rdnPQxmk2Kauhm3GwXF1R5dZ3Cj8qZLKdo5E/edit) for how, where, and why to contribute. This project is community-built and welcomes collaboration. Contributors are expected to adhere to our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

> All set to contribute? Grab an open issue with the [help-wanted label](../../labels/help%20wanted) and jump in. Join the [Slack account](http://slack.layer5.io) and engage in conversation. Create a [new issue](/../../issues/new/choose) if needed.  All [pull requests](/../../pulls) should reference an open [issue](/../../issues). Include keywords in your pull request descriptions, as well as commit messages, to [automatically close issues in GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/closing-issues-using-keywords).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All set to contribute? Grab an open issue with the [help-wanted label](../../labels/help%20wanted) and jump in. Join our [Slack channel](http://slack.layer5.io) and engage in conversation. Create a [new issue](/../../issues/new/choose) if needed.  All [pull requests](/../../pulls) should ideally reference an open [issue](/../../issues). Include keywords in your pull request descriptions, as well as commit messages, to [automatically close related issues in GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/github/managing-your-work-on-github/closing-issues-using-keywords).
```

Relevant coding style guidelines are the Go Code Review Comments and the Formatting and style section of Peter Bourgon's Go: Best Practices for Production Environments.
# <a name="contributing">General Contribution Flow</a>

To contribute to Meshery, please follow the fork-and-pull request workflow described [here](./CONTRIBUTING-gitflow.md).

## <a name="commit-signing">Signing-off on Commits (Developer Certificate of Origin)</a>

To contribute to this project, you must agree to the Developer Certificate of
Origin (DCO) for each commit you make. The DCO is a simple statement that you,

> as a contributor, have the legal right to contribute.

Reviewer: The original wording seems more appropriate here.

### Prerequisites for building Meshery in your development environment:
1. `Go` version 1.11+ installed if you want to build and/or make changes to the existing code.
1. `GOPATH` environment variable should be configured appropriately

> 1. `npm` and `node` should be installed in your machine, preferably the latest versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `npm` and `node` should be installed on your machine, preferably the latest versions.
```

> 1. Fork this repository (`git clone https://github.com/layer5io/meshery.git`), clone your forked version of Meshery to your local, preferably outside `GOPATH`. If you happen to checkout Meshery inside your `GOPATH` and you have a version of `Go` before version 1.13, please set an environment variable `GO111MODULE=on` to enable GO Modules.

Reviewer 2: prior seems convincing

### Common Issues

#### Invalid C headers ( Mac OS )

> When running `make run-local` on the macOS platform. Some may face errors with the crypto module in Go. This is caused due to invalid C headers in Clang installed with XCode platform tools. Replacing gcc with Clang by adding `export CC=gcc` to .bashrc / .zshrc should fix the issue. More information on the issue can be found [here](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/30072)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running `make run-local` on the macOS platform, some may face errors with the crypto module in Go. This is caused due to invalid C headers in Clang installed with XCode platform tools. Replacing `gcc` with Clang by adding `export CC=gcc` to .bashrc / .zshrc should fix the issue. More information on the issue can be found [here](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/30072)
```

make run-ui-dev
```

> Make sure to have Meshery server configured, up and running on the default port `http://localhost:9081` before proceeding to access and work on the UI server at `http://localhost:3000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the server configured, and running successfully on the default port `http://localhost:9081`, you may proceed to access the Meshery UI at `http://localhost:3000`.
```

We are using ES-Lint to maintain code quality & consistency in our UI Code. To make sure your PR passes all the UI & ES-Lint Tests, please see below :

- Remember to run `make run-ui-lint` & `make run-provider-ui-lint` if you are making changes in Meshery-UI & Provider-UI respectively.

> - The above commands will only fix some basic indenting rules, you will have to manually check your code to ensure there are no duplications, un-used variables or un-declared constants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The above commands will only fix some basic indenting rules. You will have to manually check your code to ensure there are no duplications, un-used variables or un-declared constants.
```
